fruit trees offer both shade and edibles
when grown properly in your landscape
lush foliage and numerous blossoms
decorate most trees in the spring with
fruits developing over the course of
several months depending on the species
lie on a property perimeter with several
different trees to create an orchard in
a garden corner if you have a busy patio
or pathway position your trees away from
the walking and lounging areas to
encourage visitors to view the intricate
landscape from afar scoop up some soil
with your hands and feel the texture
damp soil the slowly tumbles to the
ground is considered well-drained and
perfect for your new trees peach trees
in particular cannot tolerate soggy soil
and may fail to fruit some varieties
like cherry fruit trees required
cross-pollination to fertilize flowers
and produce fruit in these cases you
need a neighboring cherry tree to
provide pollen transfer through insect
activity space your trees so they have
enough canopy space to spread out
without shading lower branches a treat
in another yard can suffice as a
pollinator but it should be not further
than 100 feet from your tree bees
conserve energy as a click nectar and
closely spaced trees encourage repre
pollination a full sunlight location is
imperative for lush foliage growth
photosynthesis and eventual fruit
development pear trees for example use
their dense canopies to generate energy
and pull soil moisture up into the
branches for fruit growth landscaping
with fruit trees provides years of
fruits for family and friends
select your favorite juicy fruits for
raw eating and cooking throughout the
year if you would like to purchase our
fruit trees and even more plant
varieties log on to our website at TN
garden center calm